And now? Where are you rushing off to?
If you think you can run away...
We'll find you.
I'm sure they produce thousands
of bottles of bleach per month.
Tell me. how are we going to do this?
What else is stored in there?
Other products to cover up.
That's where you will start the fire.
I saw a storeroom and an office.
I will find a way to get in
and have a look around.
As long as some product survives for
the cosmetics bureau to investigate.
Uh. Zee. tell me something.
Are you okay? You seem a bit distracted.
No. I'm okay.
And Ndu?
It's over.
Good. That's what I want to hear.
It'll be fun.
Sifiso. please go buy four fat cakes.
Sharp.
Please have a look at this.
You're going out with Zinhle?
Uh. hi.
Hi.
Are you looking for something?
No.
I'm just waiting for Mbali.
Yes. she works at New Point.
- Do you know her?
- I don't know her.
Tell me something.
have we met before?
No.
- Are you sure?
- Yes. I'm sure.
You can't park here.
Sure.
Cheers. sir.
Zinhle. there will be nothing left
if you don't get here soon.
It's you.
Hey! Come back.
Hey! Wake up!
The stock is on fire.
What were you doing at the factory?
Don't tell me about Zinhle.
What are you talking about?
Mom. what is going on here?
Ndumiso. get in the house.
Phila! Talk! What happened?
I just want to know what happened!
Are you deaf?
Shut up!
Talk!
You're an idiot!
Did you tell Zinhle what it is?
I have to call Angela.
Oh my goodness.
His phone is off.
My father told me
just before he made me CEO.
But is it true or not?
Hey.
We have a problem. Come now.
What happened?
I need you. Zinhle. Now.
Hey. Are you okay?
You can't go on your own.
We need to talk when you come back.
He'll get back to us soon.
He had started his nonsense again.
You know how he is.
After your heart attack.
I thought that...
Yeah?
We met up at the hotel.
I said some harsh things
to him so he'd never try again.
Fool!
Yes. I told him he's a fool
for coming after me all this...
What are we going to do with a hostage?
He saw my face.
The place was on fire.
What if he traced me back to you?
Wait!
Okay. fine.
I knew you when you were a little boy.
The scars on your face.
Look at this.
Where is she?
Go fetch her.
What are we going to do?
It's risky.
But if we pull it off
then it's over for Don and Grace.
Trust me.
What are you doing here?
What's going on here?
Hello. Calvin.
This is my brother.
I was also at the house.
She'd wash off chemicals you used on me.
Do you remember the day
Don Bhengu burnt me?
Do you remember?
Do you remember?!
- What about the fire?
- We managed... to escape.
Me. my brother and my sister.
Our sister. Amahle.
She died in this very room.
seven months ago.
All because of your chemicals.
We escaped the fire.
But we never survived what you did to us.
My brother's body.
My face.
My sister's life.
I'm sorry.
If you really mean it. help us.
Help us show the world
what Don and Grace did to us.
It's okay.
You'll heal.
Don and Grace came once a week
to put that cream on us.
But you were there every day.
You used to bathe us.
You'd feed us and put us to sleep.
You cared for us.
I'm begging you.
You'll help us.
Let me go.
Don and Grace'll throw you to the dogs.
Are you still going to help them?
Unlock his phone and let's call Grace.
What's the PIN?
Are you okay?
Have you seen what's been happening?
You're the only one
who can make this go away.
Don will make sure
you don't spend one night in jail.
Grace just sent a copy of your statement.
Do you want to see it?
There's no need.
I know what it will say.
What will you do if they deny it?
Don't let us down again.
Phila. where's Zinhle?
And Kolobe?
He'll meet us at the hall.
I'm ready.
Grace. I'm sorry for leaving yesterday.
- Let's go.
- Where is Zinhle going?
Zinhle works for us.
in case you forgot. Let's go. Zinhle.
Are you ready?
Tell me something.
Why did you do it?
Why are you still in touch with them?
Why are you still in business with them?
Love.
Don kidnapped Kolobe.
There's a tablet in there.
What am I looking for?
We're tracking Kolobe's location.
I'm tracking his phone.
- Where do we go?
- This way.
Faster.
Over there.
There's no one inside.
Stop here.
His location says he's 500m
east behind the building.
Zinhle. wait. Whoa. Zinhle!
For the rest of my life.
If this is my fate. I accept it.
- Just give me the gun.
- But yours. yours is coming.